WCF:
=========
* Windows communication Foundation(WCF) is a framework for building service-oriented applications.
WCF used to send data as asynchronous message from one service endpoint to another.
You can host the service in IIS. WCF service send the real time data to client according
to the clients request.

Service1.svc.cs-->This is .svc file with 2 default method.

Service.svc inherits and implements the methods that are defined in IService.cs.

* IService.cs is an interface that consists all the service methods. If the method isn't
declared in the IService.cs it won't be accessible from client.

Note:
------
Service Contracts: Service contracts describes what operations can be performed by the client
on the service.

namespace ---name of WCF service.

Operation contract: Operation contract indicates a method defines of an operation.
A method decorated with operation contract to expose to the client.

* Data contract : A data contract is a formal agreement b/w a client and service that 
 abstractly describes the data to be exchanged.

Class based on [OperationContact]

OnClientClient --in html(asking user are you sure to delete).

How to WCF service in IIS:
----------------------------
step1: copy the WCF Service folder expect .sln file
step 2: Go to C: drive
step 3: Paste it in C:inetpub/wwwroot. If you don't have those folder, install ISS.
To install IIS, see the tutorial from the link given in the description box below.


Why should host in IIS?
* If you don't host in IIS you should keep running the service in browser. BCOZ
it generates different link in each browsing.

* If hosted in IIS no need to run the service in browser. Just keep running the IIS 
server only.

Note: Operation contact must be equal with Service1.svc.cs method.


Introduction to WCF:
--------------------
* WCF stands for Windows communication Foundation.
* WCF is Microsoft platform a part of .NET 3.0 framework.
* WCF is used for building the distributed and interoperatble applications.

Distributed:
-------------
Each computer in the network runs on(or more) of these components which perform different tasks.

Interoperable:
---------------
An application that can communicate with any other application built on any
platform.
 